$NetBSD: patch-am,v 1.1 2004/02/25 03:58:43 snj Exp $

--- man/mailcap.4.orig	2004-02-24 10:35:36.000000000 -0800
+++ man/mailcap.4	2004-02-24 10:36:52.000000000 -0800
@@ -42,7 +42,7 @@ The "textualnewlines" field can be used 
 
 The "compose" field may be used to specify a program that can be used to compose a new body or body part in the given format.  Its intended use is to support mail composing agents that support the composition of multiple types of mail using external composing agents. As with the view-command, the compose command will be executed after replacing certain escape sequences starting with "%".  In particular, %s should be replaced by the name of a file to which the composed data is to be written by the specified composing program, thus allowing th3e calling program (e.g. metamail) to tell the called program where to store the composed data.  If %s does not appear, then the composed data will be assumed to be written by the composing programs to standard output.   The result of the composing program may be data that is NOT yet suitable for mail transport -- that is, a Content-Transfer-Encoding may still need to be applied to the data.
 
-The "composetyped" field is similar to the "compose" field, but is to be used when the composing program needs to specify the Content-type header field to be applied to the composed data.  The "compose" field is simpler, and is preferred for use with existing (non-mail-oriented) programs for composing data in a given format.  The "composetyped" field is necessary when the Content-type information must include auxilliary parameters, and the composition program must then know enough about mail formats to produce output that includes the mail type information, and to apply any necessary Content-Transfer-Encoding.   Conceptually, "compose" specifies a program that simply outputs the specified type of data in its raw form, while "composetyped" specifies a program that outputs the data as a MIME object, with all necessary Content-* headers already in place.
+The "composetyped" field is similar to the "compose" field, but is to be used when the composing program needs to specify the Content-type header field to be applied to the composed data.  The "compose" field is simpler, and is preferred for use with existing (non-mail-oriented) programs for composing data in a given format.  The "composetyped" field is necessary when the Content-type information must include auxiliary parameters, and the composition program must then know enough about mail formats to produce output that includes the mail type information, and to apply any necessary Content-Transfer-Encoding.   Conceptually, "compose" specifies a program that simply outputs the specified type of data in its raw form, while "composetyped" specifies a program that outputs the data as a MIME object, with all necessary Content-* headers already in place.
 
 .TP 8
 .B needsterminal
