There are plenty of open-source version control systems available
on the internet these days. What makes Fossil worthy of attention?

   1. Bug Tracking And Wiki - In addition to doing distributed
   version control like Git and Mercurial, Fossil also supports
   distributed bug tracking and distributed wiki all in a single
   integrated package.

   2. Web Interface - Fossil has a built-in and easy-to-use web
   interface that simplifies project tracking and promotes situational
   awareness. Simply type "fossil ui" from within any check-out
   and Fossil automatically opens your web browser in a page that
   gives detailed history and status information on that project.

   3. Autosync - Fossil supports "autosync" mode which helps to
   keep projects moving forward by reducing the amount of needless
   forking and merging often associated distributed projects.

   4. Self-Contained - Fossil is a single stand-alone executable
   that contains everything needed to do configuration management.
   Installation is trivial: simply download a precompiled binary
   for Linux, Mac, or Windows and put it on your $PATH. Easy-to-compile
   source code is available for users on other platforms. Fossil
   sources are also mostly self-contained, requiring only the "zlib"
   library and the standard C library to build.

   5. Simple Networking - Fossil uses plain old HTTP (with proxy
   support) for all network communications, meaning that it works
   fine from behind restrictive firewalls. The protocol is bandwidth
   efficient to the point that Fossil can be used comfortably over
   a dial-up internet connection.

   6. CGI Enabled - No server is required to use fossil. But a
   server does make collaboration easier. Fossil supports three
   different yet simple server configurations. The most popular is
   a 2-line CGI script. This is the approach used by the self-hosting
   fossil repositories.

   7. Robust & Reliable - Fossil stores content in an SQLite database
   so that transactions are atomic even if interrupted by a power
   loss or system crash. Furthermore, automatic self-checks verify
   that all aspects of the repository are consistent prior to each
   commit. In over two years of operation, no work has ever been
   lost after having been committed to a Fossil repository.
