Copyright Notice


Copyright 1986, 1992 by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. All
rights reserved.

Developed by Barry L. Vercoe at the Experimental Music Studio, Media
Laboratory, MIT, Cambridge, Massachusetts, with partial support from
the System Development Foundation and from National Science Foundation
Grant # IRI-8704665.  Permission to use, copy, or modify these
programs and their documentation for educational and research purposes
only and without fee is hereby granted, provided that this copyright
and permission notice appear on all copies and supporting
documentation. For any other uses of this software, in original or
modified form, including but not limited to distribution in whole or
in part, specific prior permission from MIT must be obtained. MIT
makes no representations about the suitability of this software for
any purpose. It is provided "as is" without express or implied
warranty

The original Hypertext Edition of the MIT Csound Manual was prepared
for the World Wide Web by Peter J. Nix of the Department of Music at
the University of Leeds and Jean Piché of the Faculté de musique de
l'Université de Montréal. This Print Edition, in Adobe Acrobat format,
is maintained by David M. Boothe. The editors fully acknowledge the
rights of the authors of the original documentation and programs, as
set out above, and further request that this notice appear wherever
this material is held.


Contributors

In addition to the core code developed by Barry Vercoe at MIT, a large
part of the Csound code was modified, developed and extended by an
independent group of programmers, composers and scientists. Copyright
to this code is held by the respective authors:

Mike Berry
Richard Karpen
Eli Breder
Victor Lazzarini
Michael Casey
Allan Lee
Michael Clark
David Macintyre
Perry Cook
Gabriel Maldonado
Sean Costello
Max Mathews
Richard Dobson
Hans Mikelson
Mark Dolson
Peter Neubäcker
Rasmus Ekman
Ville Pulkki
Dan Ellis
Marc Resibois
Tom Erbe
Rob Shaw
John ffitch
Paris Smaragdis
Bill Gardner
Greg Sullivan
Matt Ingalls
Bill Verplank
Robin Whittle
