
                            美少女コスプレ時計
                                Emi Clock
                              (えみくろっく)
                      for X Window System, Version 11

                           ― 著作権について ―


					古場 正行 (こば まさゆき)
					    E-mail: koba@hoge.org


           Software: Copyright (c) 1994, 1995, 1997, 1999 Masayuki Koba
           Graphics: Copyright (c) 1994, 1997, 1999 Masayuki Koba
                     Copyright (c) 1993-1999 Motosoft (ORIGINAL)
              Sound: by Wako-chan


１．ソフトウェアの著作権について

　(1) 本ソフトウェアの著作権は、全て“古場 正行”が有します。X11版 Emi Clock
    のソースやバイナリ(ロードモジュール)は、古場の独占的な著作物です。

　(2) 本ソフトウェアに添付されている一部のソースの著作権は、以下に示す方々が有
    しています。

	    ファイル				著作権者

	    sys/IRIX/audio.c			柴田  健
	    sys/HP-UX/audio.c			白石 知之
	    sys/SunOS/audio.c			石井 一彦
	    sys/BSD-OS/audio.c			山田 真也、古場 正行
	    sys/Linux/audio.c			西山 研司
	    sys/FreeBSD/audio.c			西山 研司
	    sys/NEWS-OS/Sony.rules		若松 真

	    include/sound.h			古場 正行、
						柴田 健、白石 知之、
						石井 一彦、山田 真也、
						西山 研司、安富 伸浩

	    CascadeMenu.h			沼田 一成
	    CascadeMenuP.h			沼田 一成
	    CascadeMenu.c			沼田 一成

　(3) 本ソフトウェアを入手した方には、X11版 Emi Clock の使用権と、第三者への再
    配布権が認められます。ただし、再配布に関しては、入手時のオリジナルのまま改
    変せずに行うことが条件です。

　(4) 本ソフトウェアの一部または全部を著作権者に無断で改変して配布することはで
    きません。

　(5) 本ソフトウェアの一部または全部を著作権者に無断で二次利用することはできま
    せん。

　(6) 本ソフトウェアをシステムにバンドルしたり、システムの追加パッケージとして
    第三者に再配布したりする場合は、事前に著作権者に許可が必要です。

　(7) 本ソフトウェアを商用に使用する場合(金銭的利益を得る場合)は、事前に著作権
    者に許可が必要です。この場合、基本的に有償となります。

　(8) 本ソフトウェアを利用することによって発生したいかなる損害も、著作権者は負
    わないものとします。これに合意できない場合は、使用権がないものとします。

　(9) ここに記述した以外の権利については、日本国の著作権法によるものとします。


２．“Emi Clock”の商標／画像／デザインの著作権について

　(1) “Emi Clock”の商標および本ソフトウェアの画像やデザインに関する著作権は、
    Motosoft こと“本 俊也”氏が有します。

　(2) “Emi Clock”の商標および画像やデザインは、X11版 Emi Clock 開発のため、
    Motosoft より古場へ個人的にライセンス供与されてます。第三者へ二次ライセン
    ス供与することは認められておりません。

　(3) Motosoft と古場に無断で、本ソフトウェアの画像データを二次利用することを
    禁止します。


３．サウンド音声の著作権について

　(1) Emi Clock に標準でバンドルされている「みゅっ！」というサウンドは“わこ”
    ちゃんこと“清水 和子”さんの声です。若干２秒の音声に著作権が法的に認めら
    れるかどうかは微妙なところですが、わこちゃんに敬意を表し、著作物として扱う
    ことにします。

　(2) 「みゅっ！」というサウンドは、わこちゃんの厚意により、何にでも自由に利用
    してよいことになっています。従って、「みゅっ！」のサウンドに関してのみパブ
    リック・ドメイン扱いとします。


４．著作権者の連絡先について

  　本ソフトウェアの著作権者である古場に連絡する場合は、次に示すアドレスに電子
  メールを送ってください。

	Internet E-mail: koba@hoge.org

  “Emi Clock”の商標／画像／デザインの著作権者やサウンド音声提供者、古場が書
  いたコード以外のソースの著作権者への連絡も、古場の方でお引き受けします。英文
  のメールも OK ですが、返事は日本語で行います。あらかじめ御了承ください。


								      ―以上―

Id: COPYRIGHT,v 1.2 1999/09/02 14:33:47 koba Exp 




                     Hyper animated face analog clock
                                Emi Clock
                     for X Window System, Version 11

                           - Copyright Notice -

					Masayuki Koba
					 E-mail: koba@hoge.org


           Software: Copyright (c) 1994, 1995, 1997, 1999 Masayuki Koba
           Graphics: Copyright (c) 1994, 1997, 1999 Masayuki Koba
                     Copyright (c) 1993-1999 Motosoft (ORIGINAL)
              Sound: by Wako-chan


	Concerning the English edition of the document:

	    This edition of the copyright notice is the translation of
	the original (Japanese) document 'COPYRIGHT'.  I declare that
	the formal copyright notice is the Japanese document.


1. Copyrights of This Software

  (1) All copyrights of this software are held by Masayuki Koba.  The
      source code and binary (load module) of Emi Clock for X11 are the
      exclusive copyrighted property of Masayuki Koba.

  (2) The copyrights of source codes included in this software are held
      by the following people.

	    FILE			AUTHOR

	    sys/IRIX/audio.c		Ken SHIBATA
	    sys/HP-UX/audio.c		Tomoyuki Shiraishi
	    sys/SunOS/audio.c		Kazuhiko Ishii
	    sys/BSD-OS/audio.c		Shinya Yamada, Masayuki Koba
	    sys/Linux/audio.c		Kenji Nishiyama
	    sys/FreeBSD/audio.c		Kenji Nishiyama
	    sys/NEWS-OS/Sony.rules	Makoto Wakamatsu

	    include/sound.h		Masayuki Koba,
					Ken SHIBATA, Tomoyuki Shiraishi,
					Kazuhiko Ishii, Shinya Yamada,
					Kenji Nishiyama, Nobuhiro Yasutomi

	    CascadeMenu.h		Issei Numata
	    CascadeMenuP.h		Issei Numata
	    CascadeMenu.c		Issei Numata

  (3) This license allows you to use Emi Clock for X11 and to distribute
      it to others.

  (4) You may not modify this software partially or entirely and distribute
      it without the permission of the authors.

  (5) Secondary use of this software partially or entirely in without the
      permission of the authors is prohibited.

  (6) You may not bundle this software or distribute it to others as an
      additional package for a system without the permission of the authors.

  (7) To use this software for business use, you need advance written
      permission of the authors which will require monetary payment.

  (8) The authors will not be responsible for any damage caused by this
      software.  Permission to use this software will be nullified without
      agreement with this term.

  (9) Other rights not covered here are determined by the copyright laws
      of Japan.


2. Copyrights of The Trademark, Image Data, and Design of "Emi Clock"

  (1) The copyrights of the "Emi Clock" trademark and the image data and
      design of this software are held by Motosoft (Toshiya Moto).

  (2) License to use the "Emi Clock" trademark, image data, and design
      were personally provided by Motosoft to Koba for the development of
      Emi Clock for X11.  You may not provide secondary license to others.

  (3) Secondary use of the image data of this software is prohibited
      without the permission of Motosoft and Koba.


3. Copyrights of the Sound Voice

  (1) The sound "myu!" standardly bundled with Emi Clock is the voice of
      Kazuko Shimizu, nicknamed "Wako-chan".  Although it is not certain
      whether or not copyrights of such a two-second sound can be legally
      recognized, it should be treated as the copyrighted property of
      "Wako-chan" out of respect to her.

  (2) Out of the kindness of "Wako-chan" you may use the sound "myu!" for
      any purpose.  Consequently, only the sound "myu!" is public domain
      data.


4. Addresses of the Authors

    The following is the address of Koba, the author of this software:

		Internet E-mail: koba@hoge.org

    Koba accepts all contacts addressed to the authors of the trademark,
image data, and design of "Emi Clock" and the authors of the source codes
not written by himself.  Please let me inform you in advance that I receive
mail in English, but reply in Japanese.


Id: COPYRIGHT.en,v 1.2 1999/09/02 14:33:47 koba Exp 
