Everson Mono copyright notice

Everson Mono is copyright © 1995-2012 Michael Everson. All rights including moral rights reserved. Everson Mono is a trademark of Michael Everson. Conversion or alteration of these coded font programs in any way, including conversion into other formats or for any other platform is strictly prohibited. If you wish to see these fonts available in other formats, please contact me and tell me about it.

These fonts are available at my home site in Ireland or by anonymous ftp at the site listed below. If you would like to mirror this directory at your site, please ask me about it. The most current versions of Everson Mono 10646 will be on my site. Everson Mono may not be made available through any other medium, including shareware disks, shareware CDs, or commercial bulletin boards, without my permission. (I am inclined to want to give my permission, but you must ask.) You may make copies on disk for others as long as no fee whatsoever is charged and as long as this documentation is included.


Everson Mono Shareware Licence

Everson Mono is shareware. If you use it, please support its development by buying a licence to do so. The shareware fee for using one or more than one (that is, any or all) of these Unicode-supporting coded font programs is EUR 25.00. The licence gives you the right to use these fonts on three CPUs and three CPUs only. (That’s two at the office and one at home, so please don’t complain.) Shareware is not freeware. You may not use Everson Mono for free.

Your licence is permission to use these fonts; you do not own them and may not alter them in any way whatsoever.

If your company or institution wishes to license Everson Mono for use on many machines or a network, please get in touch with me directly. If your company is interested in licensing Everson Mono for bundling with your software, please get in touch with me directly. Its clean, simple design makes Everson Mono an excellent default “fallback” font when no other, more “typographical” fonts are available for a specific script or Unicode character.

How to pay your shareware fee:

If you’re in Ireland, you can send me a personal cheque or bank draft for EUR 30.38 (EUR 25.00 + EUR 5.38 VAT @ 21.5%).

If you’re in the US, you can send me a personal cheque in US dollars drawn on a US bank, but you should check a bank or currency converter for the current rate.

If you’re elsewhere in the world, you can send me an international bank draft for EUR 25.00.

I also accept PayPal.

Michael Everson, Evertype, Cnoc Sceichín, Leac an Anfa, Cathair na Mart, Co. Mhaigh Eo, Éire, 2010-07-02
 
everson@evertype.com