Installing this software constitutes your acceptance of the terms
and conditions of the license agreement. Please read the license
agreement before installation. Any previous review and benchmark
test provisions are suspended and supplemented by item #2 below.
Other rules and regulations of installing this software are:

   1. The product can not be rented, loaned or leased - You are
   the sole owner of the product.

   2. McAfee updates its products frequently and performance data
   for its products change. Before conducting benchmark tests
   regarding this product, contact McAfee to verify that you possess
   the correct product for the test and the then current version
   and edition of the product. Benchmark tests of former, outdated
   or inappropriate versions or editions of the product may yield
   results that are not reflective of the performance of the current
   version or edition of the product.

   3. No liability for consequential damages. In no event shall
   McAfee or its suppliers be liable to you for any consequential,
   special, incidental, or indirect damages of any kind arising
   out of the delivery, performance, or use of the software. Even
   if McAfee has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
   In no event will McAfee's liability for any claim, whether in
   contract, tort, or any other theory of liability, exceed the
   license fee paid by you, if any.

   4. The software you requested includes cryptographic technology
   that is subject to export controls under U.S. Export Administration
   Regulations and diversion contrary to U.S. law is prohibited.
   The software may not be used or transferred for use in any
   nuclear, chemical or biological weapons, or missile technology
   end-uses unless authorized by the U.S. Government by regulation
   or specific license. It may also be subject to import and/or
   use regulations in foreign countries. For more information on
   the U.S. Export Administration Regulations ("EAR"), 15 C.F.R.
   Parts 730-774, and the Bureau of Export Administration ("BXA"),
   please see the BXA homepage.

For more information about McAfee and our products, please visit
our home page at www.mcafee.com or call 1-800-338-8754.

This product is a time-limited version for evaluation purposes
only. Customers who subsequently purchased licensed software will
need to first uninstall the evaluation version prior to installation
of the fully licensed product.
