A simple dynamic window manager for X, with features nicked from
ratpoison and dwm:

  * Musca operates as a tiling window manager by default. It uses
    manual tiling, which means the user determines how the screen is
    divided into non-overlapping frames, with no restrictions on
    layout.  Application windows always fill their assigned frame,
    with the exception of transient windows and popup dialog boxes
    which float above their parent application at the appropriate
    size.  Once visible, applications do not change frames unless
    so instructed.
  * Since not all applications suit tiling, a more traditional
    stacking window manager mode is also available, allowing windows
    to float at any screen location and overlap.
  * There are no built in status bars, panels, tabs or window
    decorations to take up screen real estate. If the user wants
    any of these things, there are plenty of external applications
    available to do the job. Window decoration is limited to a
    slender border, which is coloured to indicate keyboard focus.
  * Windows are placed in named groups which can be used in a
    similar fashion to virtual desktops. Groups can be added and
    removed on the fly, and each group has its own frame layout.
  * The excellent dmenu utility is used to execute commands and
    launch applications, and it can also act as a window and group
    switcher. Basic EWMH support allows use of common panels, pagers
    and wmctrl.
  * Windows and frames are navigated and focused on any mouse button
    click, including rolling the wheel, or alternatively driven
    entirely by the keyboard. Simple key combinations exist for
    window switching, group switching, frame control and screen
    switching.
  * Frames can be dedicated to a single application window, preventing
    new windows usurping said frame. One frame per group can also
    be flagged as a catch-all so that all new application windows
    open there. The frame border colour changes to reflect these
    modes.
  * Musca has multi-screen support out of the box, and will
    automatically create groups for every available screen.
