0 A.D. (pronounced "zero-ey-dee") is a free, open-source, historical
Real Time Strategy (RTS) game currently under development by
Wildfire Games, a global group of volunteer game developers. As the
leader of an ancient civilization, you must gather the resources you need
to raise a military force and dominate your enemies.

History is Yours for the Taking

"0 A.D." is a time period that never actually existed: In the usual
calendar, one goes from 1 B.C. to 1 A.D. and skips zero. This reflects
the historical fiction in the game: Who would have won if all the
factions were pitted against each other when each of them was at its
prime?

We intend to portray some of the major civilizations over the millennium
of 500 B.C. to 500 A.D. (Hence the midpoint, zero.) That is an ambitious
prospect, so in the first edition of 0 A.D. we focus on the last five
centuries B.C. Perhaps in future expansion packs, more civilizations will
be added, along with additional gameplay features.
We put a strong emphasis on historical accuracy while developing 0 A.D.
We plan all our units and all our buildings based on reconstructions of
how the units and the buildings might have looked like in the ancient
world. We even name them in the original languages, such as Greek and
Latin. But it's worth remembering that any game should be fun to play,
so, in many cases, we preferred playability over historical accuracy.

0 A.D. is Free of Charge

0 A.D. is completely downloadable at no cost and always will be. No
"freemium" model, no in-game advertising, no catch. This is our iron-clad
guarantee.
Although you might find some people selling copies of 0 A.D. on physical
media, remember, you will always have the option to download 0 A.D.
gratis on the internet, directly from the developers.

0 A.D. is Free as in "Freedom"

0 A.D. is freely licensed software, because we believe everyone should
have access to great games, and that everyone can learn from developing
them. You can redistribute and modify the game as long as you abide by
the GPL. And you can even use parts of the art and sound for your own
projects as long as you abide by CC BY-SA.

0 A.D. is Still Under Development

Work on 0 A.D. began in 2001, first as a mod concept for
Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings. In 2003 development moved to a
standalone game with its own engine, Pyrogenesis. In 2009-2010, the game
was released as free, open-source software and and much of the codebase
was rewritten.
Currently, 0 A.D. is still in alpha phase, which means an early
experimental phase. It is playable, and you can already download and test
the game, but some features are still missing. When will 0 A.D. be
released? It is very hard to predict. Even after we are done implementing
all the features, we will want to conduct extensive beta testing, which
can take a while. Information about release dates will be released at the
appropriate time.
